Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[crickets chirping]
[birds calling]
[car passing]
[doors opening and closing]
- Grab them.
[Lisa screaming]
Get out.
[Lisa sobbing]
[birds calling]
[screaming]
[dramatic music]
Just shut up.
[soft dramatic music]
[pulsing dramatic music]
[engine racing]
[dramatic music]
[dog barking]
[crickets chirping]
[lock clicking]
[soft piano music]
[door opening and creaking]
[dramatic music]
- [Intruder] Jake Kelley?
- Huh?
- Easy question.
You Jake Kelley?
- Yeah.
- Are you the CEO
of Adzix Chemicals?
- Yeah.
Who the hell are you?
- Your conscience.
[gun firing]
[dramatic music]
[dog barking]
[crickets chirping]
[dramatic music]
[engine racing]
- Okay. Maya. you can
pick up your prescription
at your local pharmacy.
- Okay.
- Now I want you
to take two tablets
twice a day for five days.
That's gonna reduce
the inflammation.
but you have to finish
the entire course.
- I will.
- Okay. now I'm gonna
ask Helen to schedule
a follow-up appointment for
us two weeks from today. okay?
- Great. thanks for
your help. Doctor.
- That's why we're here.
[door opening and closing]
[intercom beeping]
Helen. I'm sending
Miss Rubarber out.
I want you to schedule
a follow-up appointment
for us in two weeks.
Who else is out there with you?
- Penny Chambers. I can have
her wait if you'd like to.
- No. that's all
right. Send her in.
[keys striking]
[door creaking]
Shut the door.
[phone ringing]
What the hell do you want?
- Good afternoon to you too.
I want the usual.
I want you to make
me feel better. Doc.
You are still a medical
professional. right?
Or have you finally crossed
over and become one of us?
- Sweetheart ... if I
provided the whole world
with Murder Eight
and Captain Cody.
I still wouldn't
be trash like you.
- Come on now.
I was just tickling
your funny bone.
- Am I laughing?
Your material sucks.
- Well. don't disparage
my sucking skills. Doc.
It's 10.000 hours of practice.
[belt buckle jingling]
[soft dramatic music]
[moaning]
- Oh dammit.
[soft dramatic music]
[phone ringing]
- Sorry to bother you. Doctor.
but you know that
Lisa's here to see you.
- Give me a minute.
All right. get up.
- What the hell?
- You're leaving.
- Why?
- Just hit the road.
- My silence is gonna cost you.
[soft music]
- Now get the hell outta there.
And next time. don't
dress like a slut.
- Then don't make me
behave like one. Doc.
[door opening]
- Excuse me. Didn't know
he was with a patient.
[soft romantic music]
- Hello. baby.
- Thank you. and
thank you for tuning
in to the internet radio
show that really gives a shit
about what's going on out
there. in our neighborhoods
and all across the
pill-plagued USA.
We're in trouble. folks.
Our communities are being
decimated by a plague
of drug abuse and dependence.
so we come together
here on the worldwide web.
as a community. as a family.
We share our pain
and our heartbreak.
but to tell our stories.
Stories of a cancer
that's killing and
maiming our children.
War.
We're at war.
War with an insidious enemy
that's making billions
and destroying millions
of innocent lives.
Pick up that phone
and share your care.
1-777-555-CRISIS.
1-777-555-2747.
Lori from Lutz is on the line.
She has a story to tell.
Talk to me. Lori.
- [Lori] Hi. Bill. how are you?
- I could be better. Lori.
We could be better.
These corporate
scumbags are destroying
the future of our children.
What's your story?
- [Lori] My son died
last year just as he
was about to graduate
from college.
These kids can get
pills so easily.
He wasn't an addict.
He was graduating with a 4.0
from the University of Tampa.
One night. he was
drinking with his friends
and they were taking
these painkillers.
My son passed out and
they said he threw up
while he was on his back.
No one saw him.
and he suffocated.
And I miss him so much.
I'm sorry.
- No. no. no. now none of that
I'm sorry stuff allowed here.
You got nothing
to be sorry about.
It's the monsters who
are pushing this poison.
They're the ones
who oughta be sorry.
Will be sorry.
You got any idea where the
kids were getting the stuff?
- [Lori] We don't know for sure.
One of his friends said
there was a younger student
whose brother was a dealer.
- Police ever follow
up on that lead?
- [Lori] We never
heard anything.
- That's typical.
The problem's too
big for any local
police department anyway.
Thanks for calling in.
Lori. It's gonna get better.
[rain pelting]
[soft dramatic music]
[balls colliding]
- Last year was a great year.
This year's better.
Considering we only spent
two million lobbying.
the ROI is insane.
- You know. I keep
hearing they're going
after doctors next.
- They are.
And they'll throw a
few to the wolves.
Optics matter.
Don't worry. Sport.
You're not in danger.
You're too damn white.
What's the situation
with your ex-partner?
We need him to sign off.
- I'm working on it.
- Work harder.
If there's one thing I've
always lacked. it's patience.
[balls colliding]
[engine roaring]
[soft dramatic music]
[knocking on door]
- [Jan] Go away. We aint buying.
- [Bill] Why do you
assume I'm selling?
- Can you believe
that the captain
made us go to that
dirtbag's funeral?
- Why'd he do that?
- Kelly wrote a check for
the mayor's reelection.
He said the department
should pay its respects.
- Did you catch the
show last night?
- It's so sad.
[birds calling]
- So?
You got anything on it?
- I'll see what I can do.
[birds calling]
[soft dramatic music]
[door closing]
[birds singing]
[soft dramatic music]
[keys striking]
[soft piano music]
[upbeat dramatic music]
[birds calling]
[soft dramatic music]
[insects buzzing]
- What's with the face?
Do I know you. brother?
- Doesn't matter.
I know you.
- Really?
Then I imagine
you're after this.
- Did you ever stop to think
about the lives
you've ruined. Rip?
- What is this?
Who the hell are you?
- Your guidance counselor.
[gun firing]
[dramatic music]
[engine racing]
[soft dramatic music]
[dog barking]
[coughing]
- Can I help you?
- Dr. Mac?
- Yeah. well. I used to be.
Who are you?
- It's me. Bill Johnson.
You operated on me after my
heart attack a few years back.
- Oh. yeah. Bill.
Been a while. hasn't it?
I'm sorry I didn't
recognize you.
What are you doing way out here?
Hope it's not for a checkup.
- No.
- Well. then what
can I do for you?
Sorry about the mess. Bill.
I wasn't exactly
expecting visitors.
But come on in.
Tell me something.
How the hell did you find me?
- I saw online you've
been suspended.
I can find anybody
on the computer.
- Damn computers
... I hate them.
It's one of the reasons
I'm in this mess.
You know. I appreciate you
coming all the way out here.
but what exactly do you want?
- I don't know.
I wanna lend you some
support. I guess.
You did save my life.
- Yeah. I've saved
a lotta lives.
Look where it's gotten me.
You know. unless you're a lawyer
or a medical billing expert.
I'm not sure there's
anything you can do for me.
- Maybe not.
- [Tom] How about
a bowl of cereal?
- Sure.
- All right.
It's the least I can do for you.
coming all the way
out here. have a seat.
- There are more than
70.000 overdose deaths
each year in this country.
70.000.
Most people still envision big
boats smuggling in the dope.
low-level dealers
selling it on the street.
and yeah. that still goes
on. but the real culprits.
it's the pharmaceutical
companies. the
doctors they grease.
[gun firing]
[soft dramatic music]
They're overprescribing
this shit.
It's ruining our communities.
[soft dramatic music]
[insects buzzing]
If you've lost a loved one
to an overdose. call in.
Let's hear your story.
Talk to me. caller.
- [Caller] Yeah. Bill.
what happened to
personal responsibility?
Nobody. nobody's forcing
these losers to pop pills.
Why is it the doctor's
fault if they're weak-kneed?
- Losers?
That's how you
see these victims?
- [Caller] Well. well.
- My best friend on this
earth had a bad knee.
went in for a knee replacement.
Lotta post-surgical pain.
Doctor prescribed Oxycodone.
This is a guy who never took
a drink. never took a drug.
Within six weeks.
he was addicted.
Six months after the surgery.
dead of an overdose.
You wanna call him weak. hmm?
Did two tours of
duty in Vietnam.
Started his own business.
was a self-made millionaire.
raised four kids. married
40 years to the same woman.
He was no loser.
He was a great American.
And if this scourge can take
him. it can take anybody.
[groaning]
- What's this about. Friend?
I have done nothing to you.
- This isn't about you.
This is about the
kids whose lives
your company helped erase.
- What are you talking about?
I never erased anything.
I have a family.
I have kids.
- So did I.
[soft dramatic music]
[gun firing]
[dramatic piano music]
- My God.
Are you insane?
I couldn't afford to pay
this even if I was working.
and as you know. I'm not.
thanks to your new boyfriend.
- Bullshit.
You could be making a
lot more if you wanted.
but you've always lacked
ambition and drive.
- We were doing fine.
I just wanted to be a
doctor ... and help people.
I guess that's my big crime.
I don't care about being rich.
- Well I do.
I deserve more than
you can give me.
- Oh. yeah. The world owes Lisa.
Rhodes promise you a mansion
in Shangrila. did he?
- I don't even
know where that is.
Look. I'm not settling.
Okay. I want it all.
You're a criminal. and
you're going to prison.
You won't need money in there.
- My God. you're demonic.
You two deserve each other.
- Leave Alan out of this.
It's between you and me.
- Look. even if I go to jail.
it's not gonna be for long.
I have to be able to
live when I get out.
- Jesus Christ.
you're a smart guy.
I'm sure you'll find
a way to scrape by.
- Scrape by? Are you
listening to yourself?
A few months ago. we were fine.
We were planning our
future. we were happy.
And now you wanna.
you wanna kick me to the
side like a piece of garbage.
- I'm just ... over it.
I've been unhappy
for a long time.
Alan makes me happy.
- Yeah. Alan's made
a lotta women happy.
in the past. for
about five minutes.
You know he's been
divorced four times?
You're just a pit stop.
- Enough about him.
If you can be reasonable.
we can get this over with.
- Reasonable?
You don't want me
to get anything.
You want the house. the cars.
the bank accounts.
the investments.
How the hell is this reasonable?
[whispering]
- Tell you what.
You can keep your damn
car and your 401k.
if you just sign over
the patent to me.
I'm already entitled
to half of it.
It's a mere formality.
- There it is. isn't it?
The truth emerges.
The patent ... Rhodes put
you up to his. didn't he?
- He did no such thing.
That's my offer.
Take it or leave it.
You don't agree. then
set a trial date.
[machines humming]
[birds singing]
- [Alan] Ow. fuck.
[knocking on door]
- Good God. it's you.
- That's a warm welcome.
- You got a lotta
nerve showing up here.
I'm surprised you even knew
about this side of town.
- You kidding me? I grew
up on this side of town.
- Yeah. another new car. huh?
- She's a beauty. isn't she?
- Yeah. sure. whatever.
[door closing]
How the hell did
you find me anyway?
Was my address on a
billboard somewhere?
Oh wait. I know. Lisa.
- Yeah. it was on the
divorce papers. Tom.
- Yeah.
All right. well what the
hell do you really want?
As if I didn't know.
- I came to see you
on your birthday.
I even got you something.
- God.
It is my birthday. isn't it?
What is it?
Hell. you don't know.
Looks re-gifted from Christmas.
Look. we both know why you're
here. okay. so save it.
- Hear me out. Tom.
- Hear you out.
What could you possibly say
that you haven't said before?
Did somebody invent
some new words?
You steal my wife. you set me up
with the medical
board. and then you--
- Wait a minute. wait a minute.
I had nothing to do with your
fraudulent billing practices.
And I did not steal your
wife. She came to me begging.
Hell. Tom. I want
you to come back.
You did most of the work anyway.
- That's horseshit.
and you know it.
There's one thing that you
want. and you know what it is.
and I know what it is. and
that's why you're here.
To hell with my birthday.
- There is a fortune
to be made. dude.
Just sign the patent over to me.
The FDA will never
approve it with your name.
especially if you
lose your license.
And I will guarantee you'll
get your share of the profits.
Come on.
- It's not about the
money. You know that.
Okay. I want this drug
to help heart patients.
not to be marketed
as another opioid.
There's enough of that
shit in the market now.
- It's gonna help a small
percentage of heart patients.
- I don't care.
- But. as a painkiller. every
man. woman and child on Earth
will be a potential
customer. Tom.
- Get outta my house. now.
[dramatic music]
Get outta my house.
- This is gonna happen
one way or the other.
It's gonna happen. Tom.
[choking]
- Get off me.
[coughing]
[dramatic music]
- [Alan] Smug son of a prick.
- Did you know one of the
biggest opioid manufacturers
in this country is
a family business?
Family business.
Wonder how many of
their family members
ever use their product. hm?
Gosh. I wonder how
many politicians'
kids ever go to war.
Politicians.
I never had no faith in
them anyway. but these days.
So there's all kinds
of pushers. right?
From the guy on the
corner to the cartel.
They all do the same damage.
They all destroy families.
They all take children
away from their families.
But lately I been thinking.
Maybe the worst pushers are
the institutionalized ones.
The ones who lobby
Congress to write the laws.
Police do what they can.
but how do you fight a
pusher who's been legalized?
Politicians won't do shit.
They're the ones who
helped opioids become
big business in the first place.
So what are we gonna do about
the legalized pushers. hm?
Appeal to their better nature?
They got no better nature.
Ask them to obey the laws?
They write the damn laws.
Beg them for common decency?
They're all indecent.
So what are we gonna do?
What are we the people
gonna do about this?
Talk to me. caller.
- [Caller] Bill. we should
put our faith in our Lord
and Savior. Jesus Christ.
He will come down from
heaven and show us the way.
- There's an old adage I
try to live by. Friend.
Pray every day as if
everything depends on God.
Act every day as if
everything depends on you.
Thanks for the call.
We gotta go. I'll see
you good folks next time.
Till then. be good. do
good. keep the faith.
I love you. Ashley. See ya.
[flames crackling]
[engine revving]
[soft dramatic music]
[knocking on door]
- [Jan] Go away. We aint buying.
- [Bill] I am still not selling.
- [Jan] It's not
like you to be late.
- I'm sorry. I was
visiting Ashley.
[soft dramatic music]
- Jan. is this every
gonna get easier?
- It will. Bill.
It'll just be different.
The new normal.
Pain is the price we
pay for our memories.
- I wanna keep fighting.
long as I got fight in me.
But I'm not blameless.
Why didn't I see the
pain she was in? Hm?
Why wasn't she prepared
for the dangers?
What I do wrong?
I coulda been a better father.
[birds calling]
- I been working vice
a really long time.
and I have never seen as
much death as I have lately.
Kids dying for nothing
over these damn drugs.
- You got some names
and numbers for me?
- Don't I always?
[grunting]
- Really?
[soft dramatic music]
[groaning]
- Hey ... give these
to your granddaughter.
That middle school
will be a money tree
if we can get in
there and move these.
- Hm. I need a
bigger cut. Trent.
I want a bonus. in advance.
- Fuck you. I just gave
you your bonus. Maude.
- Shit. that was
your bonus. Sunshine.
I didn't get shit.
[gun cocking]
- Middle schools. Maude?
- Jesus.
- Not exactly making
America great again. are we?
- You fu--
[gun firing]
[dramatic music]
- Hey. man. we're cool.
right. we're cool?
- Oh. we're a million miles
from cool. you scumbag.
[punch striking]
[whimpering]
That was pathetic.
Wanna try again?
- Have mercy.
- I will.
- No!
[gun firing twice]
[dramatic music]
[gun firing]
- [Bill] Until you have a
child. you can never imagine
the love that you
feel for your child.
Nor can you ever
imagine the pain.
The gut-wrenching pain
of losing that child.
And the love we have
for our children.
it's the strongest
emotion on Earth.
- What the fuck?
[gun firing]
The bond between
parent and child.
God. it's so strong you
could pull a battleship.
[soft dramatic music]
And in a matter of seconds.
your whole world's ripped
right out from under you.
[gun firing]
[splashing]
There's no experience on Earth
that prepares you for
the loss of your child.
There's an emptiness inside
you that can't be filled.
Thoughts of suicide ... well.
they become a daily ritual.
I don't just grieve when I
think of the things we did.
I grieve when I think of
the things we'll never do.
Add up all the successes
and accomplishments
and love you've
had in your life.
[gun firing]
[soft dramatic music]
They crumble beneath
the weight of the pain
of losing your child.
[soft dramatic music]
I'd give up my life
right now. no hesitation.
if I could hold her
just one more time.
[soft dramatic music]
[gun firing]
[dramatic music]
[engine racing]
[groaning]
[kick striking]
[struggling]
[dramatic music]
[shrieking]
[head bashing]
[dramatic music]
[soft dramatic music]
See a woman who loses
a husband is a widow.
Man who loses his
wife is a widower.
A child who loses a
parent is an orphan. but
there's no word for a parent
who loses a child.
[dramatic music]
[birds singing]
- [Tom] My God. Bill. it
is beautiful out here.
Thanks for inviting me.
- [Bill] You're welcome.
- You've really done
well for yourself.
What do you do?
- A little of this.
little of that.
- Okay [chuckles].
Well. whatever it
is you're doing.
you're doing better
than I am at the moment.
Say. I caught your
talk show last night.
You're very good.
- Thank you.
It's my passion.
- I applaud the effort.
Why this cause?
- My daughter passed away.
- Jesus. I'm sorry.
What happened?
- Overdose.
- [Tom] What was she taking?
- Painkillers.
- God.
Why does this not surprise me?
- [Bill] What do you mean?
- They're everywhere. Bill.
Anybody can get
their hands on them.
And they're stronger today
than they've ever been.
That certainly
explains your crusade.
And the reason I'm about
to lose my medical license.
- How's that?
- Well you see. I've
developed a drug
to help heart
transplant patients.
That's my passion.
But in a higher dosage. it's
more powerful than fentanyl.
And my partner wants
to get his hands
on the patent. so he set me up.
He wants to distribute
it worldwide. as
another painkiller.
- Prick.
What's his name?
- [Bill] And those doctors
that are getting kickbacks
from Big Pharma. they're
not just low-level
doctors at walk-in clinics.
They're well-known doctors.
doctors that are in the news.
Hell. some of them
are even surgeons.
I got some names. and I
intend to add more names
to my growing list and expose
every damn one of them.
- You know this asshole?
- Hell no. I never heard of him.
- I suspect he's heard of you.
- [Alan] He could be
talking about anyone.
- Maybe. or maybe not.
Are you keeping
everything tight?
- [Alan] As a dog's
ass. You know me.
- I thought I did.
- What's that supposed to mean?
- You ever heard the saying
any publicity's good publicity?
- Yeah.
- It aint true.
If we're catching bad publicity
because you're not keeping
things shipshape. that's
gonna be a problem.
- I'm on it.
- You better be. There's a
lotta money riding on it.
And get that goddam signature.
I like you. Alan. and your
father was a good friend.
I don't mind telling.
your father always feared
you'd fall somewhat short
of his ambitions for you.
[soft dramatic music]
- [Father] You want it. Son.
but you don't want
it bad enough.
So you wouldn't kill for it
because you lack the spine.
You're not hungry.
- [Alan] I'm doing my best.
- Your best?
Your best. your best
is about as effective
as a mumbled prayer on
a Monday morning. Al.
See. it's how you delude
yourself you're progressing
when in fact you're scared.
scared to take the lead.
Scared to burn your
competition. be your true self.
- [Alan] Dad. I
don't understand.
- [Father] Be the
machine. Son. not the cog.
Show me you got a
pair. because right now
I don't think you do.
[soft dramatic music]
- You could become addicted
to opioids in five days.
Five days.
You listening out there?
130 people die every day in
the USA overdosing on opioids.
Most of them young people.
I pray to God none of you
has to go through the hell
of seeing your kid in a casket.
Especially not when it
coulda been prevented.
I dare anybody to call me right
now and tell me I'm wrong.
Come on. worthless doctors.
How about it.
lowlife pharma execs?
Lines are open.
No. you son of a bitches won't
call. because you're gutless.
You're gutless.
and you're greedy.
It's all about the
money and the house
and the cars and
the country clubs.
It's a crime.
[dramatic music]
[gun firing]
You all need to go
to prison for murder.
This prick of a doctor
prescribed fentanyl lollipops
for anybody with back
pain or migraines.
even though the intended user
is late-stage cancer patients.
Sales reps greasing the doctors
call that off-target marketing.
Oh. and it's illegal.
Talk to me. caller.
- [Caller] Hey. Bill.
thanks for your show.
You're doing great work.
- Thanks. I try.
[dramatic music]
- [Caller] Just saying
what needs to be said.
- Somebody's gotta say
it. Might as well be me.
Was a free trip to
Brazil worth it. fat boy?
Are you scared now?
You should be.
You all should be.
This white-collar genocide
needs to end. now.
- [Caller] You know
what Orwell says.
In a time of universal deceit--
- Telling the truth is
a revolutionary act.
Yeah. that's a good one.
- [Caller] And the
truth is. as you said.
that it's the damn executives
who are responsible
for so much suffering.
[birds calling]
[dramatic music]
[footsteps echoing]
- We've been talking
about the executives.
and the politicians.
But don't forget the doctors.
They're the ones who are
taking obscene kickbacks
to push this poison. yeah?
[dramatic music]
[gun firing]
They're the ones selling
out their profession
to vampires in suits.
Some of them even
manufacture their own
versions of the drugs.
Hey. docs. I got a
question for you.
When you look in the mirror.
do you see a reflection
looking back?
[dramatic music]
[birds calling]
- I have been happy to help
you. Bill. because you've
achieved more than my department
has in the last five years.
And as much as I'm on your
side. I still got a lot to lose.
The brass is poking around.
and they're wondering.
how is the shooter getting
information on his target?
Trust me. they don't know shit.
but things have the
potential to get hot.
- Do you need to step away?
- No. no. you need
to pull it back.
- I told you.
I only got one serious
target right now.
- Be careful.
Rhodes is dangerous.
And you know that he is
juiced in with some people
with legitimate power.
Some very dark people.
- I'll look forward
to meeting him.
[scoffing]
- And I thought that
I was the crazy one.
Wow.
[door closing]
Fuck.
[soft piano music]
[dramatic music]
[cars passing]
- This aint no opposition
proposition debate.
There is no debate.
Opioids must be eliminated.
Eliminated. every
damn one of them.
Hydrocodone.
Oxycodone.
Morphine. codeine.
There's too many good
non-drug treatments.
Ice. massage. heat. physical
therapy. acupuncture.
God forbid. exercise.
Too many non-addictive
pain relievers.
Ibuprofen.
Acetaminophen. Naproxen.
So let me be real clear on this.
If you're one of those
people violating your oath
and pushing this opioid
shit. you're scum.
Scum.
Is that harsh?
Sure is.
Do I care?
Hell no.
Talk to me. caller.
- [Alan] You know. I'm
surprised anyone can see you.
- What do you mean?
- Sitting up there
on your high horse.
pontificating up
there in the clouds.
Do you get lightheaded?
Does it make you dizzy. Billy J?
- You sound angry.
- No. no. I'm just making
an observation. Friend.
- Well. Friend. I
call it like I see it.
And if you don't like that.
there's not much
I can do for you.
- Oh you call it
as you see it. huh?
Well tell me. what
qualifications do you have?
Huh?
How would you help someone
who came to you
with chronic pain?
- Maybe you should tell me.
What are you.
doctor. pharmacy bro?
Or just garden-variety scum. hm?
- No. no. no. this
isn't about me.
You're the one who
goes on the radio
and starts slinging
shit about subjects
you know nothing about.
- Oh I can assure
you. I know plenty.
- Well tell me. Mr. Know It All.
someone comes to you
with chronic pain.
and asks you for help.
what do you give them. huh?
A gummy bear?
- Well. I sure
wouldn't give them
a gummy bear laced
with fentanyl.
- Neither would I.
- Than you are a doctor.
All right. Doc. you know
how addictive this shit is.
In fact. you count
on it. don't you?
[gun firing]
[dramatic music]
- Bill. let me
tell you something.
If you look on the side of
the bottle or the package.
it says you take one
pill every 12 hours.
And if you follow
those directions.
you won't have a problem.
- When a drug starts to
affect the dopamine receptors
in your brain. what's
written on the side
of a bottle aint gonna
be much help. Doc.
- All you have to
do is follow what's
prescribed by
professionals. Bill.
If you don't. it's
on you. you're weak.
But what you should do. Mister.
is you should stop
peddling lies!
[phone pinging]
- Exactly what lies
am I peddling. Doc?
- Lies that it's
being done on purpose.
that it's a part of some
grand conspiracy. Bill.
- More Americans have
died of opioid abuse
than were killed
in the Vietnam War.
but as long as it makes
money. nobody gives a damn.
That's not a conspiracy.
you tell me what it is.
- Fear mongering. fake news.
being pushed by a liar like you.
- If anybody knows
anything about pushing.
I suspect it's you.
- You better be careful
what you say to me. Bill.
I wouldn't wanna have to
sue you for defamation.
- How can I defame you if
I don't know who you are?
I tell you what.
Why don't you come
down to the studio. hm?
We can talk face to
face. mano a mano.
I'd like to know who you are.
I'll bet my listeners would too.
Hello?
[chortling]
How illuminating.
You have to wonder. friends.
what kind of a man wouldn't
stand behind his words?
Maybe somebody who's
got a lot more to lose
than he's letting on.
I stand by my words. Doc.
Why don't you stand by yours?
Or maybe you don't wanna
go down those roads.
- That asshole.
Thinks he knows everything.
I'll bury him.
- You're a damn moron for
calling into that show.
He baited you. and
you fell for it.
- Moron?
Oh. that is. that is rich
coming from a cheap
cast-off like you.
[soft dramatic music]
- That's where we're at now?
Insults like that?
- You are a guest in my
life. so don't fuck with me.
sweetheart. because
I am not famous
for my compassionate nature.
[dramatic music]
[laughing]
[glass smashing]
[hammer pounding]
[birds chirping]
- So?
How do you like my new place?
- Sorry.
Can we go inside?
- No. we can't.
- Please.
- Hey. you wanted me
outta your life. remember?
And now I'm out. for good.
- Look. I made a mistake.
I don't know what
I was thinking.
- Yeah. you made a mistake.
but I know exactly
what you were thinking.
- I don't expect
you to forgive me.
- Good. because I won't.
- You know. Alan is behind
the Medicare thing. don't you?
- Of course I know that.
- I'd be willing to
testify for you in court.
Can't we please
get back together?
[soft dramatic music]
Please.
[door opening and closing]
I'm sorry.
[door slamming]
[dramatic piano music]
[horns honking]
[snorting]
[phone ringing]
- Can you see one
last patient. Doctor?
- Um. I guess so.
Give me a moment.
- [Helen] I'll send him in.
[snorting]
[sniffing]
- Relax. sometimes people get
nervous about the reading.
that makes the reading go up.
Okay. here we go.
120 over 80.
That's just about perfect.
You got good stress management.
- It took a while. but I found
something that works for me.
[Velcro tearing]
- Well. don't keep it a secret.
I could use some myself.
[chuckling]
[dramatic music]
[heart beating]
Your heart's strong.
- I'm glad to hear that.
- Have I seen you before?
- I was a patient of Dr. Mac's.
- Unfortunately. he's
no longer with us.
But it's. uh. your voice.
It just seems so familiar.
Have we met somewhere?
- No. we haven't met.
- No?
- Not in person.
- You're that asshole
from the radio show.
- Winner. winner.
chicken dinner.
- How'd you know who I was?
- You'd be surprised
by how much I know.
- So it's not a coincidence
that after we talk
you're sitting here now?
- Doesn't matter.
- Matters to me.
- Hey. how long does it
take ... to become a doctor?
- What are you.
thinking about studying?
- I'm just curious.
- Four years of medical school
and a few years' residence.
- That's a lotta work.
That's a lotta
knowledge to be gained.
- And?
- Be a shame to waste
all that effort.
- What's that supposed to mean?
- Do I have to spell it out?
- Yes. I'd like you to
spell it out for me.
- What you do. it's important.
People put their trust in you.
If a janitor quits their job.
it's not hard to
find another janitor.
But a surgeon?
Especially a good one.
All those years of study.
all that knowledge.
If that was wasted for no good
reason. that'd be a shame.
- That sounds like a threat.
[soft dramatic music]
- Maybe it is.
- I think you misheard me.
- Did I?
- I asked you to spell it out
for me. not speak in riddles.
[soft dramatic music]
- You're a good doctor. Alan.
You need to stop your
extracurricular activities
and just be a good doctor.
- You come into my
office to tell me
what to do and how to live?
- I just give advice.
It's up to you to
take it or not.
- You take your advice and
get the hell outta here.
[soft dramatic music]
- That was not the
answer I was looking for.
[soft dramatic music]
[birds calling]
[gun firing]
[horn blaring]
[gun firing five times]
[dramatic music]
[exhaling]
[soft dramatic music]
[upbeat dramatic music]
[gun firing]
[groaning]
[vase smashing]
[punches striking and groaning]
[struggling]
[dramatic music]
- Who do you work for?
Huh?
Who do you work for?
- Fuck you.
[soft dramatic music]
- God dammit.
Where the hell are
you. you stupid thug?
[phone pinging]
[soft dramatic music]
[knocking on door]
What?
- You got a moment?
- Not really. What
are you doing here?
- Ignoring each other
isn't getting us anywhere.
I need to know
where this is going.
- Well.
Well. Lisa. tell me. where
would you like it to go?
- That's not funny.
I changed my life for you.
I left my husband for you.
- Whoa ho ho. hang on a minute.
I didn't ask you to
leave your husband.
I was pretty happy with
you being a side ride.
- A side ride. that's
all I am to you?
- Until you moved into
my house and then.
I don't know. you became
more like a speed bump.
- Screw you. Don't you
talk to me that way.
I thought we had
something special.
- Oh geez.
What is it with women?
Something special?
You know. it's way
overrated. like intuition.
I'll tell you
something. sweetheart.
Love has a shelf life. and
I feel this is expiring.
- Really?
Well before you make any hasty
decisions. consider this.
You talk in your sleep. asshole.
and you talk real
loud on the phone.
I know all about your
dirty little secrets.
including how you set up Tom.
- Bullshit.
You can't prove anything.
- And that precious patent
you want so desperately?
You'll ... never have it.
I'll see to that.
How's that for a speed bump?
[soft dramatic music]
- [Bill] Ow.
- Sorry.
How did you get this cut?
You know. you need
to be at a hospital.
This thing needs stitches.
- No. no hospital.
They ask too many questions.
- Well. I'll do the best I can.
- Hey. you know the difference
between God and a surgeon?
- No. what?
- God doesn't think
he's a surgeon.
[laughing]
- That's more accurate
than you think.
Now that I patched you up.
what the hell
happened to your neck?
- I think I'm getting
under your partner's skin.
- Rhodes?
- He sent a friend to pay
me a visit last night.
- Christ.
What happened?
- I disarmed him. tied him up.
got him to admit Rose sent him.
[soft dramatic music]
- Jesus.
- Doc. I wanna tell
you something I
haven't told anybody.
I'm doing it because I
think I can trust you.
Because I think
you need my help.
- Sure you can trust me. Bill.
Doesn't matter what it is.
- You haven't heard
what it is yet.
Look. you heard of
the Six-Shooter?
- Well of course. Everyone has.
He's all over the news.
What about him?
- You're looking at him.
[soft dramatic music]
- Is that supposed to
be funny or something?
Because it kinda is.
- Doc. what reason
would I have to tell you
this if it wasn't true. hm?
[soft dramatic music]
- Yank my chain. try to
get another laugh maybe.
It's better than your
doctor joke. Come on.
- I'm the guy.
[soft dramatic music]
- So. Bill. I get why
you wear the masks.
But ... why do you shoot
them all six times?
- That's how many
bullets the gun holds.
See you.
[soft dramatic music]
[birds calling]
[birds singing]
- Take a look at that.
- [Bill] The body of a
Lutz woman. Lisa Mac?
- My wife.
- Was discovered
floating in a lake
in the Land O'Lakes
area Monday afternoon.
an apparent drowning victim.
No foul play is suspected.
but the body's been taken
to the county
coroner for autopsy.
- Yeah.
He hadn't taken enough from me.
Now he's taken the last
thing I cared anything about.
- Rhodes?
- Yeah. of course. Rhodes.
I know he's behind this.
He tried to kill you. didn't he?
- Sure she didn't drown?
- She was the captain of
her college swim team. Bill.
No. she didn't drown.
Not without help.
[Lisa screaming]
[dramatic music]
[screaming]
[phone buzzing]
- Geez. what a surprise.
What can I do for you. partner?
- Save the bullshit.
I'm done fighting you.
I'm ready to sign.
You can have the damn patent.
- This some kinda joke?
- Tomorrow night. my
place. I'll call you.
- Sure. okay. whatever you want.
[soft dramatic music]
So ... what do you
think of me now. Dad?
- Okay. let's get to it.
There's good news and bad news.
Bad first.
You two did a sloppy job.
now Homicide's all over it.
The good news is I'm
about to transition
to a whole new
level of operation.
No more small potatoes for me.
Now Strauss is gone.
That means that. technically.
you boys are unemployed.
The question remains. what is
the best way to resolve that?
Now you see this gun?
This was Strauss' favorite gun.
He adored this gun.
It's a Wyatt Earp
replica. a peacekeeper.
The dumb prick didn't have it
with him when he was killed.
If he had. he might
still be here.
- Why'd you bring
it here. Mr. Rhodes?
- For this [fires gun].
[dramatic music]
[gun firing]
- Dan. clean this mess up.
[pulsing dramatic music]
[birds calling]
[engine racing]
[dramatic music]
[crickets chirping]
[soft dramatic music]
[door sliding]
- What's all this. Tom?
- Getting all my
belongings together. man.
I'll be moving back
into the old house now.
- Oh. right.
Sorry about Lisa. Tom.
- I appreciate it. buddy.
It's a hard time for all of us.
- Surely is.
- That the assignment?
- Yeah. sure.
- You got a pen?
- Yeah.
There you go.
[soft dramatic music]
Hope you don't mind
my asking. Tom.
but what changed your mind?
- You know I just didn't wanna
be a part of this anymore.
I'm tired of fighting.
I'm tired of losing.
Hell. I'm just tired.
Thinking about going into
a whole new line of work.
- That's a real good
idea. A fresh start.
- For both of us.
- Well I'll be seeing you.
- Yes. you will.
[soft dramatic music]
- What the hell
are you doing here?
You guys know each other?
- Yes. we do.
Alan. meet my new business
partner. Mr. Bill Johnson.
- We met.
- I don't know what you guys
are up to. but I'm leaving.
- Eh. eh. eh.
- Are you serious?
- I think you'll find
I'm a pretty serious guy.
Right. Doc?
- Okay. Mr. Serious. let's cut
the dance. What do you want?
[soft dramatic music]
- I want my daughter back.
- Who's your daughter?
- Her name was Ashley.
Ashley Johnson.
- I don't know who she is.
- No ... she didn't
know you either.
But opioids pushed by
scum like you killed her.
- I'm sorry for your loss.
but if your daughter was
an addict. that's on her.
- No!
No.
Actually. Doctor. it's on you.
[gun firing]
[dramatic music]
[shells clinking]
[gun firing]
[dramatic music]
- Enough. He's gone.
It's over.
[soft dramatic music]
[hard breathing]
[soft piano music]
[knocking on door]
- [Bill] Simone?
[soft piano music]
[birds calling]
[gun firing]
[soft dramatic music]
[birds calling]
- [Janet] Rhodes is dangerous.
[gun firing]
[soft dramatic music]
[door opening]
- You okay?
- Working on it.
- It's hard watching a man die.
At least the first time.
- Hell. Bill. I've
watched a lotta men die.
Good men.
It wasn't so hard
watching that bad man die.
- Well.
there's still a lotta
bad men out there.
You up for it?
[dramatic music]
[vocalizing]
[soft piano music]
[dramatic music]